user stories

1. type: FEATURE (requires user story 9)
   description: transform QR code for additional data
   branch name: feature/transform-qr-code-for-additional-data

2. type: FEATURE
   description: create a github action workflow (cicd pipeline) so it will 
                pip install QR code pip package and build the addon file
                (run a command - pending) every time i'm ready to release a new version
   branch name: feature/github-action-for-release

3. type: FEATURE
   description: create a separate menu item just for creating a QR code, 
                instead of having it be a submenu under Add > Mesh > QR Code, 
                the end result should be Add > QR Code
   branch name: feature/menufy-qr-code

4. type: SPIKE
   description: find out if there is a 3rd party API to shorten the URL, maybe
                something like bit.ly
   branch name: N/A

5. type: FEATURE
   description: give users a list of bit art (by default right now it's a stone) that
                will always work - this is a low priority
   branch name: N/A

6. type: FEATURE
   description: give users the input parameters as follows:
                * bit size: this will be the side length of the enclosing square
                * padding: distance between the edge of bit's enclosing square and bit container
                * spacing: distance between the bit containers
   branch name: N/A

7. type: FEATURE (requires user story 6)
   description: create the QR code taking the input parameters from user story 6 into an account
   todo: create a chart to illustrate the point
   branch name: N/A

8. type: SPIKE
   description: test different QR codes of different versions, but with exactly the same
                number of stones
   todo: create a diagram to illustrate the point and what/how it needs to be tested
   branch name: N/A

9. type: FEATURE
   description: give users the input parameter as follows:
                * time interval: this will be the amount of time (in seconds) there should be 
                                 between series of QR codes before flipping the bits to "create"
                                 the next QR code in queue
                * flip time: this will be the amount of time (in seconds) the bits will take
                             to flip to "create" the next QR code in queue
   todo: write a documentation to explain the difference more in detail
   branch name: N/A

10. type: FEATURE